you know it's funny if you ask me who my favorite memories in the military
I could hardly think of one that is my favorite I had so many they
just crowd in the one I could talk forever about things I did in
the military in college I think I had a good time and enjoyed being
in college I enjoyed the people enjoyed the sports never played I enjoyed
the quiet lived I lived in boulder Colorado if you place to live
that was where I spent the first four years of my marriage was small
I was in college so I had good memories there but I guess the best
memory I have about college was finding the excitement in doing
computer program if you're a programmer you love it as much as I do
once you get started on that somebody has to comments make you stop
you need to go eat you need to go get some sleep you know you don't
want to stop so I I think learning about computer programming is the
most fun memory I have from college